Update DG for Undo/Redo Implementation (#142)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### Undo/redo feature

The undo/redo mechanism is facilitated by an `UndoRedoStack`, which resides in `Logic Manager`. It supports the undoing and redoing of commands that modifies the state of the address book (e.g. `add`, `edit`). Such commands will inherit from `UndoableCommand`.

`UndoRedoStack` only deals with `UndoableCommand`. Commands that cannot be undone will inherit from `Command` instead.

![UndoableCommandInheritance](images/UndoableCommandInheritance.png)

> `UndoableCommand` adds an extra layer between the abstract `Command` class and the concrete commands that can be undone such as `AddCommand`, `DeleteCommand`. `UndoableCommand` makes the `Command#execute()` method concrete, while the child classes implements an `executeUndoableCommand()` method that preprocesses the Command before execution. Each child class knows how to undo/redo by itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`UndoableCommand` adds an extra layer between the abstract `Command` class and the concrete commands that can be undone such as `AddCommand`, `DeleteCommand`. `UndoableCommand` makes the `Command#execute()` method concrete, while the child classes implement an `executeUndoableCommand()` method that preprocesses the Command before execution. Each `UndoableCommand` knows how to undo/redo by itself.
```

Commands that are not undoable have similar implementations as the code snippet below:

    public class ListCommand extends Command {
        @Override
        public CommandResult execute() {
            //..list logic
        }
    }

With `UndoableCommand`, the commands that are undoable are implemented similarly to the code snippet below:

    public abstract class UndoableCommand extends Command {
        protected abstract CommandResult executeUndoableCommand();
        @Override
        public CommandResult execute() {
            return executeUndoableCommand();
        }
        protected abstract void undo;
    }
    
    public class DeleteCommand extends UndoableCommand {
        @Override
        protected CommandResult executeUndoableCommand() {
            //...delete logic
        }
        @Override
        protected void undo {
            //...undo logic
        }
    }

Step 1. Suppose that a user has just launched our application. The `undoRedoStack` will be empty at the beginning.

> Step 2. The user then executes an `UndoableCommand`. The command would modify the existing `Model` as per the definition of an `UndoableCommand`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2. The user then executes an `UndoableCommand` which modifies the existing `Model` as per the definition of an `UndoableCommand`. 
```

> The specific called `UndoableCommand` will process the command during the method call `UndoableCommand#executeUndoableCommand` so that it can undo itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific `UndoableCommand` called will process the command during the method call `UndoableCommand#executeUndoableCommand` so that it can undo itself.
```

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### Undo/redo feature

> The undo/redo mechanism is facilitated by an `UndoRedoStack`, which resides in `Logic Manager`. It supports the undoing and redoing of commands that modifies the state of the address book (e.g. `add`, `edit`). Such commands will inherit from `UndoableCommand`.

Reviewer 2: maybe an extra space in `LogicManager`?
